[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So then let's talk
about the difference between each and map.
So the important thing to know is
that each like I mentioned before,
you can't return anything from each.
So, each will be something
better suited for
getting each animal to
speak versus if you wanted
to have it return something like
especially if you want to return an array.
Map is a better bet,
however if you don't wanted to
explicitly return an array maybe
you want to return an object.
You might wanna wrap each into a function
where it pushes to an object instead.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So then we can run all
of our code, or let's get some more names.
Let's see, Kim, John.
>> Speaker 2: So if I wanted to map that
into a, if I wanted to use each to map it
into an object,
I still have to make the function.
But I don't have to iterate
because each does that for me and
just push it on to that object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, exactly,
however you wanna implement it.
But, map is always gonna return an array.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm
>> Speaker 3: The prior example had
an explicit return on animal maker,
why the inference?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's do
they mean by an explicit return?
>> Speaker 4: When you use map,
you have to have return, but
when you use each you don't use return.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
When you use each, you can't use return,
each doesn't return anything.
But map, you have to use return.
Whatever is returned from
that callback function
is then going to be put into the array.
So it's really important that whenever
you're using map that you're actually
returning something.
Otherwise your gonna get
an array of undefined.
So if I didn't return here, we'd get and
we still mapped over it, we'd get
an array of three undefined values.
So we need to make sure that we
return in that call back function.
Where as the animal, and this is for
the animal.speak is fine,
because we're not returning anything
there, we're just console that logging.
>> Speaker 3: They're
a little bit behind us, but
the prior map example
didn't have a return.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or
maybe did I miss the return?
>> Speaker 5: When we did that one,
I think what they're saying is
when you did the map with var
farm there's no return there.
>> Speaker 5: Maybe that's what they're
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Like this?
There needs to be a return.
So if there wasn't a return,
I made a mistake here, AnimalMaker(name).
So you have to return here.
Cuz what this is saying is, so AnimalMaker
return something and then you're
returning whatever AnimalMaker returns,
so that's why there's two returns here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
I hope that answers your question.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, cool.
We're right on time again, awesome.
So.
Just a quick recap each,
we can't return anything.
Now we have to return something and
it returns into an array.
Do you have any question Mark?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, they're the same that
by just putting animal maker there that
explicitly has a return?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It explicitly
has a return inside AnimalMaker.
>> Speaker 3: Right, but on that map,
I think that the last example,
the short version just had AnimalMaker.
So that implicitly does the return, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But it's important
that you actually explicitly return
something inside an animal maker.
That's the difference.
>> Speaker 5: Animal maker is already
returning something you didn't need
that intermediate autonomous
function to return
the value of calling animal feeder
because it's already did that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, exactly.